Add the capability to store and interact with properties needed for displaying onboarding screens. (#100)
IronFoundation/iOS-Woof: CHANGELOG.md

- Add `Walking` entity - [#88](https://github.com/IronFoundation/iOS-Woof/pull/88)
- Add `City` property to the `owner` entity - [#93](https://github.com/IronFoundation/iOS-Woof/pull/93)

> - Add `isOwnerLoggedOnce` and `isSitterLoggedOnce` properties to struct`Preferences` - [#100](https://github.com/IronFoundation/iOS-Woof/pull/100)

Reviewer: We added not only properties but methods as well. Do you think we need to mention that? Maybe we can express that in a more general way?
```suggestion
- Add the possibility to track if the owner/sitter was logged in at least once  - [#100](https://github.com/IronFoundation/iOS-Woof/pull/100)
```

Author: Fixed
